the seemingly mundane is now a challenge
with the help of a nurse and crutches
Jonathan Ben Hammer is able to walk but
slowly the Israeli soldier describes how
the bulldozzer he was driving in the
Gaza Strip was hit by a grenade 6 days
later he found himself in a hospital bed
back in
Israel I woke up from surgery and looked
at my mom who said you'll be strong we
love you they amputated your leg I
didn't know that because I really felt
it there but then I lifted a blanket and
could see they cut it
off Israel's Rehabilitation Authority
estimates that to further
12,500 soldiers will be disabled this
year a much higher number than
previously
estimated the number of Israeli soldiers
in rehab has surpass the official figure
of those injured in the Gaza offensive
with rehab centers overwhelmed with with
new admissions the kind of injuries they
are mainly those that we know and met
before but the amount is higher you know
it's it's even if I compare to the last
events the amount of the injured people
now last 20 years even during other war
or something this it's much higher the
defense Ministry says it's working to
meet those needs by cutting red tape and
hiring more employees to deal with
injuries including disabilities as a
result of the war doctors worry that
it's still not enough with a Health Care
system not prepared for the number of
injuries or long-term care for physical
and mental disabilities including PTSD
which can often take a while to
diagnose the Israeli military has
shifted its focus towards the south of
the Gaza Strip where it faces Urban
Guerilla Warfare and more hand-to-hand
combat a higher likelihood of seeing
more deaths and injuries amongst its
troops the IDF and Israel will tolerate
because it it doesn't have any other
choice Israel is determined to win this
war and when the political decision was
was taken to go into war these things
were T were taken into account there's
no other way but to defeat the the
military capabilities of Hamas the
majority of Israelis support the war in
Gaza despite knowing that Israel is
already paying a high
price with many believing that they have
no other choice but to continue
fighting Al jazer T
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer